Any intelligent fool can make things bigger, more complex, and more violent. It takes a touch of genius and a lot of courage to move in the opposite direction.
Gravitation is not responsible for people falling in love.
The hardest thing in the world to understand is the income tax.
I never think of the future. It comes soon enough.
Science without religion is lame. Religion without science is blind.
Great spirits have often encountered violent opposition from weak minds.
Everything should be made as simple as possible, but not simpler.
The secret to creativity is knowing how to hide your sources.
We can't solve problems by using the same kind of thinking we used when
we created them.
Education is what remains after one has forgotten everything he learned in school.
Do not worry about your difficulties in Mathematics. I can assure you, mine are still
greater.
Two things are infinite: the universe and human stupidity; and I'm not sure about the
the universe.
I know not with what weapons World War III will be fought, but World War IV will be
fought with sticks and stones.
In order to form an immaculate member of a flock of sheep one must, above all, be a sheep.
The fear of death is the most unjustified of all fears, for there's no risk of accident for
someone who's dead.
The release of atom power has changed everything except our way of thinking...
the solution to this problem lies in the heart of mankind. If only I had known, I
should have become a watchmaker.
Not everything that counts can be counted, and not everything that can be counted
counts.
Insanity is doing the same thing, over and over again, but expecting different results.
I am enough of an artist to draw freely upon my imagination. Imagination is more
important than knowledge. Knowledge is limited. Imagination encircles the world.
If you can't explain it to a six year old, you don't understand it yourself.
Logic will get you from A to Z; imagination will get you everywhere.
The most incomprehensible thing about the world is that it is comprehensible.
Common sense is the collection of prejudices acquired by age eighteen.
Try not to become just a man of success, but rather try to become a man of value.
It's not that I'm so smart; it's just that I stay with problems longer.
Learn from yesterday, live for today, hope for tomorrow. The important thing is to not
stop questioning.
I have no special talents. I am only passionately curious.
The person who never made a mistake never tried anything new.
Example isn't another way to teach, it is the only way to teach.
If a cluttered desk is a sign of a cluttered mind, of what then, is an empty desk?
The world is a dangerous place, not because of those who do evil, but because of
those who look on and do nothing.
When the solution is simple, God is answering.
Money only appeals to selfishness and always tempts its owners irresistibly to abuse
it. Can anyone imagine Moses, Jesus, or Gandhi armed with the money-bags of
Carnegie?
An empty stomach is not a good political adviser.
The difference between genius and stupidity is; genius has its limits.
Everybody is a genius. But if you judge a fish by its ability to climb a tree,
it will live its whole life believing that it is stupid.
When you are courting a nice girl an hour seems like a second. When you
sit on a red-hot cinder a second seems like an hour. That's relativity.
A clever person solves a problem. A wise person avoids it.
If A is a success in life, then A equals x plus y plus z. Work is x; y is play; and z is
keeping your mouth shut.
Men marry women with the hope they will never change. Women marry men
with the hope they will change. Invariably they are both disappointed.
It would be possible to describe everything scientifically, but it would make no
sense; it would be without meaning, as if you described a Beethoven symphony as
a variation of wave pressure.
Let every man be respected as an individual and no man idolized.
Technological change is like an axe in the hands of a pathological criminal.
The only justifiable purpose of political institutions is to ensure the unhindered
development of the individual.
Work is the only thing that gives substance to life.
Never lose a holy curiosity.
When you look at yourself from a universal standpoint, something inside always
reminds or informs you that there are bigger and better things to worry about.
Paper is to write things down that we need to remember. Our brains are used to
think.
Nearly all men can stand adversity, but if you want to test a man's character, give him power.
My concern is not whether God is on our side; my greatest concern is to be on God's side,
for God is always right.
Be sure you put your feet in the right place, then stand firm.
I am a slow walker, but I never walk back.
Character is like a tree and reputation its shadow. The shadow is what we think it is
and the tree is the real thing.
You have to do your own growing no matter how tall your grandfather was.
It is not best to swap horses while crossing the river.
You can fool some of the people all of the time, and all of the people some of the
time, but you can not fool all of the people all of the time.
Nobody has ever expected me to be president. In my poor, lean lank face nobody
has ever seen that any cabbages were sprouting.
Truth is generally the best vindication against slander.
In this sad world of ours, sorrow comes to all; and, to the young, it comes with
bitterest agony, because it takes them unawares.
Public sentiment is everything. With public sentiment, nothing can fail;
without it nothing can succeed.
I am rather inclined to silence, and whether that be wise or not, it is at least more unusual
nowadays to find a man who can hold his tongue than to find one who cannot.
Plainly, the central idea of secession, is the essence of anarchy.
Every blade of grass is a study; and to produce two, where there was but one, is
both a profit and a pleasure.
It's my experience that folks who have no vices have generally very few virtues.
Always bear in mind that your own resolution to succeed is more important than
any other thing.
That some achieve great success is proof to all that others can achieve it as well.
The best way to predict your future is to create it.
It is better to remain silent and be thought a fool, than to open your mouth and
remove all doubts.
Upon the subject of education, not presuming to dictate any plan or system
respecting it, I can only say that I view it as the most important subject which we
as a people can be engaged in.
The ballot is stronger than the bullet.
Dream, Dream, Dream, Dreams transform into thoughts And thoughts result in action.
It Is Very Easy To Defeat Someone, But It Is Very Hard To Win Someone.
For great men, religion is a way of making friends; small people make religion a fighting tool.
Dreams are not those which comes while we are sleeping, but dreams are those when you
don't sleep before fulfilling them.
Don't take rest after your first victory because if you fail in second, more lips are
waiting to say that your first victory was just luck.
As a child of God, I am greater than anything that can happen to me.
Climbing to the top demands strength, whether it is to the top of Mount Everest or
to the top of your career.
In India we only read about death, sickness, terrorism, crime.
To succeed in your mission, you must have single-minded devotion to your goal.
Look at the sky. We are not alone. The whole universe is friendly to us and conspires
only to give the best to those who dream and work.
If we are not free, no one will respect us.
Let us sacrifice our today so that our children can have a better tomorrow.
India can live without nuclear weapons. That's our dream, and it should be the
dream of the U.S. also.
Unless India stands up to the world, no one will respect us. In this world, fear has
no place. Only strength respects strength.
The great masses of the people will more easily fall victims to a big lie than to a small one.
Through clever and constant application of propaganda, people can be made to see paradise
as hell, and also the other way round, to consider the most wretched sort of life as paradise.
And I can fight only for something that I love, love only what I respect, and respect only what
I at least know.
Cruelty impresses, people want to be afraid of something. They want someone to
whom they can submit with a shudder, the masses need that. They need something to
dreed.
A single blow must destroy the enemy... without regard of losses... a gigantic
all-destroying blow.
Demoralize the enemy from within by surprise, terror, sabotage, assassination.
This is the future of war.
By the skilful and sustained use of propaganda, one can make a people see even
heaven as hell or an extremely wretched life as paradise.
I use emotion for the many and reserve reason for the few.
Generals think war should be waged like the tourneys of the Middle Ages. I have no use for knights; I need revolutionaries.
The man and the movement seemed 'reactionary' in my eyes.
Universal education is the most corroding and disintegrating poison that liberalism has ever
invented for its own destruction.
What good fortune for governments that the people do not think.
Hence today I believe that I am acting in accordance with the will of the Almighty Creator:
‘by defending myself against the Jew, I am fighting for the work of the Lord.’
If you win, you need not have to explain...If you lose, you should not be there to explain!
If you want to shine like sun first you have to burn like it.
Do not compare yourself to others. If you do so, you are insulting yourself.
Great liars are also great magicians.
Think sThousand times before taking a decision But - After taking decison never
turn back even if you get Thousand difficulties!!
Anyone can deal with victory. Only the mighty can bear defeat.
Humanitarianism is the expression of stupidity and cowardice.
The man who has no sense of history, is like a man who has no ears or eyes.
Hate is more lasting than dislike.
I do not see why man should not be just as cruel as nature.
It is not truth that matters, but victory.
Whatever you do, make it an offering to me -- the food you eat, the sacrifices you make, the help you
give, even your sufferings.
It is better to live your own destiny imperfectly than to live an imitation of somebody else's life
with perfection.
A gift is pure when it is given from the heart to the right person at the right time and at the right
place, and when we expect nothing in return.
No one who does good work will ever come to a bad end, either here or in the world to
come.
I have become Death, the destroyer of worlds.
As a man can drink water from any side of a full tank, so the skilled theologian can
wrest from any scripture that which will serve His purpose.
Balance of mind is called Yoga.
It is true that the mind is restless and difficult to control. But it can be conquered,
through regular practice and detachment. Those who lack self-control will find it
difficult to progress in meditation; but those who are self-controlled, striving
earnestly through the right means, will attain the goal.
Knowledge, the object of knowledge and the knower are the three factors, which
motivate action; the senses, the work and the doer comprise the threefold basis of
action.
For certain is death for the born... And certain is birth for the dead... Therefore, over
the inevitable Thou shouldst not grieve.
Neither in this world nor elsewhere is there any happiness in store for him who always doubts.
The mind is restless and difficult to restrain, but it is subdued by practice.
There has never been a time when you and I have not existed, nor will there be a time when we
will cease to exist. As the same person inhabits the body through childhood, youth, and old
age, so too at the time of death he attains another body. The wise are not deluded by these
changes.
Those who eat too much or eat too little, who sleep too much or sleep too little, will
not succeed in meditation. But those who are temperate in eating and sleeping, work
and recreation, will come to the end of sorrow through meditation.
Still your mind in me, still yourself in me, and without a doubt you shall be united
with me, Lord of Love, dwelling in your heart.
Be free from fear. Be fearless and have faith in the divine.
Not by refraining from action does man attain freedom from action. Not by mere
renunciation does he attain supreme perfection.
As person abandons worn-out clothes and acquires new ones, so when the body is
worn out a new one is acquired by the Self, who lives within.
Out of compassion I destroy the darkness of their ignorance. From within them I
light the lamp of wisdom and dispel all darkness from their lives.
No work stains a man who is pure, who is in harmony, who is master of his life,
whose soul is one with the soul of all.
The knowledge sacrifice is superior to any material sacrifice.
No one is even equal to You in the three worlds how can there be one greater than You O Being
of Incomparable Glory.
But, you are not able to see Me with your physical eye therefore, I give you the divine
eye to see My majestic power and glory.
Three things cannot be long hidden: the sun, the moon, and the truth.
Do not dwell in the past, do not dream of the future, concentrate the mind on the present
moment.
An insincere and evil friend is more to be feared than a wild beast; a wild beast may wound your
body, but an evil friend will wound your mind.
The tongue like a sharp knife... Kills without drawing blood.
There are only two mistakes one can make along the road to truth; not going all the
way, and not starting.
Holding on to anger is like grasping a hot coal with the intent of throwing it at
someone else; you are the one who gets burned.
We are shaped by our thoughts; we become what we think. When the mind is pure,
joy follows like a shadow that never leaves.
Health is the greatest gift, contentment the greatest wealth, faithfulness the best
relationship.
It is better to conquer yourself than to win a thousand battles. Then the victory is
yours. It cannot be taken from you, not by angels or by demons, heaven or hell.
However many holy words you read, however many you speak, what good will they
do you if you do not act on upon them?
In the sky, there is no distinction of east and west; people create distinctions out of
their own minds and then believe them to be true.
I never see what has been done; I only see what remains to be done.
There is nothing more dreadful than the habit of doubt. Doubt separates people. It is a poison
that disintegrates friendships and breaks up pleasant relations. It is a thorn that irritates and
hurts; it is a sword that kills.
Just as a candle cannot burn without fire, men cannot live without a spiritual life.
Thousands of candles can be lighted from a single candle, and the life of the candle will not be
shortened. Happiness never decreases by being shared.
A jug fills drop by drop.
Without health life is not life; it is only a state of languor and suffering - an image of
death.
It is better to travel well than to arrive.
He who loves 50 people has 50 woes; he who loves no one has no woes.
Peace comes from within. Do not seek it without.
Whatever words we utter should be chosen with care for people will hear them and
be influenced by them for good or ill.
The way is not in the sky. The way is in the heart.
Holding on to anger is like grasping a hot coal with the intent of throwing it at
someone else; you are the one who gets burned.
Hatred does not cease through hatred at any time. Hatred ceases through love. This
is an unalterable law.
You, yourself, as much as anybody in the entire universe, deserve your love and
affection.
Do not overrate what you have received, nor envy others. He who envies others does
not obtain peace of mind.
Guests, like fish, begin to smell after three days.
A countryman between two lawyers is like a fish between two cats.
A life of leisure and a life of laziness are two things. There will be sleeping enough in the grave.
A man wrapped up in himself makes a very small bundle.
A penny saved is a penny earned.
At twenty years of age the will reigns; at thirty, the wit; and at forty, the judgment.
Three can keep a secret, if two of them are dead.
Eat to please thyself, but dress to please others.
Having been poor is no shame, but being ashamed of it, is.
He that is good for making excuses is seldom good for anything else.
I saw few die of hunger; of eating, a hundred thousand.
I wake up every morning at nine and grab for the morning paper. Then I look at the
obituary page. If my name is not on it, I get up.
In this world nothing can be said to be certain, except death and taxes.
It is the eye of other people that ruin us. If I were blind I would want, neither fine
clothes, fine houses or fine furniture.
Life's Tragedy is that we get old to soon and wise too late.
Tell me and I forget. Teach me and I remember. Involve me and I learn.
The first mistake in public business is the going into it.
There are three things extremely hard: steel, a diamond, and to know one's self.
There was never a good war, or a bad peace.
Guests, like fish, begin to smell after three days.
A countryman between two lawyers is like a fish between two cats.
A life of leisure and a life of laziness are two things. There will be sleeping enough in the grave.
A man wrapped up in himself makes a very small bundle.
A penny saved is a penny earned.
At twenty years of age the will reigns; at thirty, the wit; and at forty, the judgment.
Three can keep a secret, if two of them are dead.
Eat to please thyself, but dress to please others.
Having been poor is no shame, but being ashamed of it, is.
He that is good for making excuses is seldom good for anything else.
I saw few die of hunger; of eating, a hundred thousand.
I wake up every morning at nine and grab for the morning paper. Then I look at the
obituary page. If my name is not on it, I get up.
In this world nothing can be said to be certain, except death and taxes.
It is the eye of other people that ruin us. If I were blind I would want, neither fine
clothes, fine houses or fine furniture.
Life's Tragedy is that we get old to soon and wise too late.
Tell me and I forget. Teach me and I remember. Involve me and I learn.
The first mistake in public business is the going into it.
There are three things extremely hard: steel, a diamond, and to know one's self.
There was never a good war, or a bad peace.
I failed in some subjects in exam, but my friend passed in all. Now he is an engineer in
Microsoft and I am the owner of Microsoft.
Your most unhappy customers are your greatest source of learning.
I studied every thing but never topped.... But today the toppers of the best universities are my
employees.
As we look ahead into the next century, leaders will be those who empower others.
Success is a lousy teacher. It seduces smart people into thinking they can't lose.
Most people overestimate what they can do in one year and underestimate what they
can do in ten years.
I choose a lazy person to do a hard job. Because a lazy person will find an easy way to
do it.
Be nice to nerds. Chances are you'll end up working for one.
Life's not fair, get over it!
In china when you're one in a million, there are 1300 people just like you.
The world won't care about your self-esteem. The world will expect you to
accomplish something BEFORE you feel good about yourself.
If you think your teacher is tough, wait till you get a boss.
Flipping burgers is not beneath your dignity. Your Grandparents had a different word
for burger flipping -- they called it opportunity.
It's fine to celebrate success, but it is more important to heed the lessons of failure.
Television is NOT real life. In real life people actually have to leave the coffee shop and go to jobs.
Life is not divided into semesters. You don't get summers off and very few employers are
interested in helping you FIND YOURSELF. Do that on your own time.
Patience is a key element of success.
… No one is less happy than I am with the performance of Microsoft stock! I've lost
tens of billions of dollars this year -- if you check, you'll see that's more than most
people make in a lifetime!
Technology is just a tool. In terms of getting the kids working together
and motivating them, the teacher is the most important.
If I'd had some set idea of a finish line, don't you think I would have crossed
it years ago?
The first rule of any technology used in a business is that automation applied to an
efficient operation will magnify the efficiency. The second is that automation
applied to an inefficient operation will magnify the inefficiency.
The Internet is becoming the town square for the global village of tomorrow.
I think it's fair to say that personal computers have become the most empowering
tool we've ever created. They're tools of communication, they're tools of creativity,
and they can be shaped by their user.
Intellectual property has the shelf life of a banana.
Well private money can take risks in a way that government money often isn't
willing to.
In order to succeed, your desire for success should be greater than your fear of failure.
The past is a ghost, the future a dream and all we ever have is now.
Parents are not interested in justice, they're interested in peace and quiet.
You can turn painful situations around through laughter. If you can find humor in anything,
even poverty, you can survive it.
Let us now set forth one of the fundamental truths about marriage: the wife is in
charge.
I guess the real reason that my wife and I had children is the same reason that
Napoleon had for invading Russia: it seemed like a good idea at the time.
No matter how calmly you try to referee, parenting will eventually produce bizarre
behavior, and I'm not talking about the kids. Their behavior is always normal.
A grandchild is God's reward for raising a child.
Gray hair is Gods graffiti.
In spite of the seven thousand books of expert advice, the right way to disciplne
a child is still a mystery to most fathers and...mothers. Only your grandmother
and Genghis Khan know how to do it.
A sail boat that sails backwards can never see the sun rise.
When you become senile, you won't know it.
All Children Have Brain Damage!
If you want to be seen, stand up.
If you want to be heard, speak up.
If you want to be appreciated, shut up.
Is the glass half full, or half empty? It depends on whether you're pouring, or drinking.
Sex education may be a good idea in the schools, but I don't believe the kids should
be given homework.
Sigmund Freud once said, "What do women want?" The only thing I have learned in
fifty-two years is that women want men to stop asking dumb questions like that.
Men and women belong to different species and communications between them is
still in its infancy.
When you introduce competition into the public school system, most studies show
that schools start to do better when they are competing for students.
If the new American father feels bewildered and even defeated, let him take comfort
from the fact that whatever he does in any fathering situation has a fifty percent
chance of being right.
You know the only people who are always sure about the proper way to raise children?
Those who've never had any.
Human beings are the only creatures on earth that allow their children to come back
home.
The worst thing to do is to die while reading LIFE magazine.
By three methods we may learn wisdom: First, by reflection, which is noblest; Second, by
imitation, which is easiest; and third by experience, which is the bitterest.
Everything has beauty, but not everyone sees it.
Only the wisest and stupidest of men never change.
Our greatest glory is not in never falling, but in rising every time we fall.
No matter how busy you may think you are, you must find time for reading, or
surrender yourself to self-chosen ignorance.
Life is really simple, but we insist on making it complicated.
It does not matter how slowly you go as long as you do not stop.
Before you embark on a journey of revenge, dig two graves.
The funniest people are the saddest once.
What the superior man seeks is in himself; what the small man seeks is in others.
The man who asks a question is a fool for a minute, the man who does not ask is a
fool for life.
Attack the evil that is within yourself, rather than attacking the evil that is in others.
The gem cannot be polished without friction, nor man perfected without trials.
When you see a good person, think of becoming like her/him. When you see someone
not so good, reflect on your own weak points.
The hardest thing of all is to find a black cat in a dark room, especially if there is no cat.
Don’t complain about the snow on your neighbor’s roof when your own doorstep
is unclean.
The beginning of wisdom is to call things by their proper name.
If your plan is for one year plant rice. If your plan is for ten years plant trees. If your plan is for
one hundred years educate children.
Shall I teach you what knowledge?
When you know a thing, say that you know it;
when you do not know a thing,
admit that you do not know it.
That is knowledge.
Education breeds confidence. Confidence breeds hope. Hope breeds peace.
Never give a sword to a man who can't dance.
Be not ashamed of mistakes and thus make them crimes.
It is easy to hate and it is difficult to love. This is how the whole scheme of things
works. All good things are difficult to achieve; and bad things are very easy to get.
The noble-minded are calm and steady. Little people are forever fussing and fretting.
The will to win, the desire to succeed, the urge to reach your full potential... these are
the keys that will unlock the door to personal excellence.
When anger rises, think of the consequences.
He who wished to secure the good of others, has already secured his own.
He who keeps danger in mind will rest safely in his seat.
It is more shameful to distrust our friends than to be deceived by them.
You cannot open a book without learning something.
A person should not be too honest. Straight trees are cut first and Honest people are screwed first.
Before you start some work, always ask yourself three questions – Why am I doing it, What the
results might be and Will I be successful. Only when you think deeply and find satisfactory
answers to these questions, go ahead.
A good wife is one who serves her husband in the morning like a mother does, loves
him in the day like a sister does and pleases him like a prostitute in the night.
Once you start a working on something, don't be afraid of failure and don't abandon
it. People who work sincerely are the happiest.
The biggest guru-mantra is: Never share your secrets with anybody. If you cannot keep
secret with you , do not expect that other will keep it. ! It will destroy you.
There is some self-interest behind every friendship. There is no Friendship without
self-interests. This is a bitter truth.
People's Fury is above all the furies.
God is not present in idols. Your feelings are your god. The soul is your temple.
Education is the Best Friend. An Educated Person is Respected Everywhere.
Education beats the Beauty and the Youth.
The serpent, the king, the tiger, the stinging wasp, the small child, the dog owned by
other people, and the fool: these seven ought not to be awakened from sleep.
O wise man! Give your wealth only to the worthy and never to others. The water of
the sea received by the clouds is always sweet.
Even if a snake is not poisonous, it should pretend to be venomous.
Never make friends with people who are above or below you in status. Such friendships will
never give you any happiness.
Books are as useful to a stupid person as a mirror is useful to a blind person.
Test a servant while in the discharge of his duty, a relative in difficulty, a friend in adversity, and
a wife in misfortune.
The life of an uneducated man is as useless as the tail of a dog which neither covers its
rear end, nor protects it from the bites of insects.
One whose knowledge is confined to books and whose wealth is in the possession of
others, can use neither his knowledge nor wealth when the need for them arises.
As a single withered tree, if set aflame, causes a whole forest to burn, so does a rascal
son destroy a whole family.
There is poison in the fang of the serpent, in the mouth of the fly and in the sting of a
scorpion; but the wicked man is saturated with it.
He whose son is obedient to him, whose wife's conduct is in accordance with his
wishes, and who is content with his riches has his heaven here on earth.
Avoid him who talks sweetly before you but tries to ruin you behind your back, for he
is like a pitcher full of poison with milk on top.
As water collected in a tank gets pure by filtration, so accumulated wealth is preserved
by being employed in charity.
Time perfects men as well as destroys them.
It is better to have only one son endowed with good qualities than a hundred devoid of them.
For the moon though one, dispels the darkness, which the stars, though numerous, do not.
A wicked wife, a false friend, a saucy servant and living in a house with a serpent in it are nothing
but death.
Do not put your trust in rivers, men who carry weapons, beasts with claws or horns, women, and
members of a royal family.
Those parents who do not educate their sons are their enemies; for as is a crane among
swans, so are ignorant sons in a public assembly.
Trees on a riverbank, a woman in another man's house, and kings without counselors
go without doubt to swift destruction.
Lakshmi, the Goddess of wealth, comes of Her own accord where fools are not
respected, grain is well stored up, and the husband and wife do not quarrel.
The Goddess of wealth is unsteady, and so is the life breath. The duration of life is
uncertain, and the place of habitation is uncertain; but in all this inconsistent world
religious merit alone is immovable.
A father who is a chronic debtor, an adulterous mother, a beautiful wife, and an
unlearned son are enemies in one's own home.
Do not pass between two brahmanas, between a brahmana and his sacrificial fire,
between a wife and her husband, a master and his servant, and a plough and an ox.
Beauty is spoiled by an immoral nature; noble birth by bad conduct; learning,
without being perfected; and wealth by not being properly utilised.
There are three gems upon this earth; food, water, and pleasing words -- fools consider
pieces of rocks as gems.
It is not the strongest of the species that survives, nor the most intelligent, but the one most
responsive to change.
A man who dares to waste one hour of time has not discovered the value of life.
The mystery of the beginning of all things is insoluble by us; and I for one must be content to
remain an agnostic.
If I had my life to live over again, I would have made a rule to read some poetry and
listen to some music at least once a week.
The highest possible stage in moral culture is when we recognise that we ought to
control our thoughts.
The fact of evolution is the backbone of biology, and biology is thus in the peculiar
position of being a science founded on an improved theory, is it then a science or faith?
Even in the worm that crawls in the earth there glows a divine spark. When you
slaughter a creature, you slaughter God.
An American Monkey after getting drunk on Brandy would never touch it again,
and thus is much wiser than most men.
Besides love and sympathy, animals exhibit other qualities connected with the social
instincts which in us would be called moral.
In the long history of humankind (and animal kind, too) those who learned to
collaborate and improvise most effectively have prevailed.
A scientific man ought to have no wishes, no affections, - a mere heart of stone.
Man tends to increase at a greater rate than his means of subsistence.
There are books of which the backs and covers are by far the best parts.
Have a heart that never hardens, and a temper that never tires, and a touch that never hurts.
Heaven knows we need never be ashamed of our tears, for they are rain upon the blinding
dust of earth, overlying our hard hearts.
Suffering has been stronger than all other teaching, and has taught me to understand
what your heart used to be. I have been bent and broken, but - I hope - into a better shape.
No one is useless in this world who lightens the burdens of another.
There is nothing in the world so irresistibly contagious as laughter and good humor.
Charity begins at home, and justice begins next door.
To a young heart everything is fun.
My advice is to never do tomorrow what you can do today. Procrastination is the
thief of time.
Although a skillful flatterer is a most delightful companion if you have him all to
yourself, his taste becomes very doubtful when he takes to complimenting other
people.
I do not know the American gentleman, God forgive me for putting two such words
together.
For it is good to be children sometimes, and never better than at Christmas, when
its mighty Founder was a child Himself.
It's my old girl that advises. She has the head. But I never own to it before her.
Discipline must be maintained.
I always like walking in the rain, so no one can see me crying.
Nothing is permanent in this wicked world, not even our troubles.
A man's true character comes out when he's drunk.
We think too much and feel too little.
Failure is unimportant. It takes courage to make a fool of yourself.
Life is a tragedy when seen in close-up, but a comedy in long-shot.
To truly laugh, you must be able to take your pain, and play with it.
You'll find that life is still worthwhile, if you just smile.
What do you want meaning for? Life is desire, not meaning.
My pain may be the reason for somebody's laugh.
But my laugh must never be the reason for somebody's pain.
I will not join any club who will take me as a member.
I remain just one thing, and one thing only, and that is a clown. It puts me on a far
higher place than any politician.
The saddest thing I can imagine is to get used to luxury.
Laughter is the tonic, the relief, the surcease for pain.
I suppose that's one of the ironies of life doing the wrong thing at the right moment.
All my pictures are built around the idea of getting in trouble and so giving me the
chance to be desperately serious in my attempt to appear as a normal little gentleman.
All I need to make a comedy is a park, a policeman and a pretty girl.
Brunettes are troublemakers. They're worse than the Jews.
Man as an individual is a genius. But men in the mass form the headless monster, a great, brutish
idiot that goes where prodded.
This is a ruthless world and one must be ruthless to cope with it.
Dictators free themselves, but they enslave the people.
Simplicity is a difficult thing to achieve.
Humor is the sublime wisdom of pity and tolerance in which man recognizes the utter
futility of his own enterprise and importance.
Doing something with the public in mind is doing something without your own mind.
I'd sooner be called a successful crook than a destitute monarch.
Whiskey! Never tasted such beastly stuff in my life! In a civilized country they drink
wine.
Movies are a fad. Audiences really want to see live actors on a stage.
In this desperate way, I started many a comedy.
I do not have much patience with a thing of beauty that must be explained to be
understood. If it does need additional interpretation by someone other than the
creator, then I question whether it has fulfilled its purpose.
Imagination means nothing without doing.
In the end, everything is a gag.
There is nothing to writing. All you do is sit down at a typewriter and bleed.
All things truly wicked start from innocence.
I love sleep. My life has the tendency to fall apart when I'm awake, you know?
Today is only one day in all the days that will ever be. But what will happen in all the other days
that ever come can depend on what you do today.
Always do sober what you said you'd do drunk. That will teach you to keep your mouth shut.
I drink to make other people more interesting.
Write drunk; edit sober.
All thinking men are atheists.
When people talk, listen completely. Most people never listen.
Never confuse movement with action.
An intelligent man is sometimes forced to be drunk to spend time with his fools.
The hard part about writing a novel is finishing it.
In order to write about life first you must live it.
When you start to live outside yourself, it's all dangerous.
Intelligence is so damn rare and the people who have it often have such a bad time
with it that they get bitter or propagandistic and then it's not much use.
Death is like an old whore in a bar--I'll buy her a drink but I won't go upstairs with her.
Wine is the most civilized thing in the world.
Being against evil doesn't make you good.
Life isn't hard to manage when you've nothing to lose.
If you tremble with indignation at every injustice then you are a comrade of mine.
Let the world change you than you can change the world.
We cannot be sure of having something to live for unless we are willing to die for it.
I am not a liberator. Liberators do not exist. The people liberate themselves.
The first duty of a revolutionary is to be educated.
The revolution is not an apple that falls when ripe. You have to make it fall.
Cruel leaders are replaced only to have new leaders turn cruel!
Words without deeds are worthless.
Always struggle for victory.
It’s a sad thing not to have friends, but it is even sadder not to have enemies.
To send men to the firing squad, judicial proof is unnecessary … These procedures are
an archaic bourgeois detail. This is a revolution!
If any person has a good word for the previous government that is good enough for me
to have him shot.
There is no other definition of socialism valid for us than that of the abolition of the
exploitation of man by man.
Many will call me an adventurer, and that I am... only one of a different sort: one who
risks his skin to prove his truths.
Homeland or death! We will triumph!
Every day People straighten up the hair, why not the heart?
Above all, always be capable of feeling deeply any injustice committed against anyone,
anywhere in the world.
Above all, don't lie to yourself. The man who lies to himself and listens to his own lie comes to
a point that he cannot distinguish the truth within him, or around him, and so loses all respect
for himself and for others. And having no respect he ceases to love.
What is hell? I maintain that it is the suffering of being unable to love.
The darker the night, the brighter the stars,
The deeper the grief, the closer is God!
People speak sometimes about the "bestial" cruelty of man, but that is terribly unjust
and offensive to beasts, no animal could ever be so cruel as a man, so artfully, so
artistically cruel.
The soul is healed by being with children.
Nothing in this world is harder than speaking the truth, nothing easier than flattery.
Taking a new step, uttering a new word, is what people fear most.
The awful thing is that beauty is mysterious as well as terrible. God and the devil are
fighting there and the battlefield is the heart of man.
The cleverest of all, in my opinion, is the man who calls himself a fool at least once a
month.
The degree of civilization in a society can be judged by entering its prisons.
It's the great mystery of human life that old grief passes gradually into quiet tender joy.
Love a man, even in his sin, for that love is a likeness of the divine love, and is the
summit of love on earth.
The greatest happiness is to know the source of unhappiness.
Destroy my desires, eradicate my ideas, show me something better, and I will follow you.
A fool with a heart and no sense is just as unhappy as a fool with sense and no heart.
If he's honest, he'll steal; if he's human, he'll murder; if he's faithful, he'll deceive.
Truly great men must, I think, experience great sorrow on the earth.
When reason fails, the devil helps!
The mystery of human existence lies not in just staying alive, but in finding
something to live for.
If someone proved to me that Christ is outside the truth, and that in reality the truth
were outside of Christ, then I should prefer to remain with Christ rather than with the
truth.
What do you think, would not one tiny crime be wiped out by thousands of good
deeds?
Every ant knows the formula of its ant-hill,
every bee knows the formula of its beehive.
They know it in their own way, not in our way.
Only humankind does not know its own formula.
Grown-up people do not know that a child can give exceedingly good advice even in
the most difficult case.
Life is paradise, and we are all in paradise, but we refuse to see it.
Neither man nor nation can exist without a sublime idea.
Compassion was the most important, perhaps the sole law of human existence.
Life isn't about finding yourself. Life is about creating yourself.
A life spent making mistakes is not only more honorable, but more useful than a life spent doing
nothing.
Make it a rule never to give a child a book you would not read yourself.
Animals are my friends...and I don't eat my friends.
The reasonable man adapts himself to the world: the unreasonable one persists in
trying to adapt the world to himself. Therefore all progress depends on the
unreasonable man.
You see things; you say, 'Why?' But I dream things that never were; and I say 'Why not?
Those who cannot change their minds cannot change anything.
Why should we take advice on sex from the pope? If he knows anything about it, he
shouldn't!
The liar's punishment is, not in the least that he is not believed, but that he cannot
believe anyone else.
My way of joking is to tell the truth. It's the funniest joke in the world.
Never wrestle with pigs. You both get dirty and the pig likes it.
Success does not consist in never making mistakes but in never making the same one
a second time.
War does not decide who is right but who is left.
When a man wants to murder a tiger he calls it sport; when a tiger wants to murder
him he calls it ferocity.
A Native American elder once described his own inner struggles in this manner: Inside of me
there are two dogs. One of the dogs is mean and evil. The other dog is good. The mean dog fights
the good dog all the time. When asked which dog wins, he reflected for a moment and replied,
The one I feed the most.
As long as I have a want, I have a reason for living. Satisfaction is death.
Both optimists and pessimists contribute to society. The optimist invents the
aeroplane, the pessimist the parachute.
Liberty means responsibility. That is why most men dread it.
Hatred is the coward's revenge for being intimidated.
You don't stop laughing when you grow old, you grow old when you stop laughing.
I am afraid we must make the world honest before we can honestly say to our children
that honesty is the best policy.
Human beings are the only animals of which I am thoroughly and cravenly afraid.
The more things a man is ashamed of, the more respectable he is.
The things most people want to know about are usually none of their business.
The test of a man’s or woman’s breeding is how they behave in a quarrel.
There is no subject on which more dangerous nonsense is talked and thought than
marriage.
A doctor’s reputation is made by the number of eminent men who die under his care.
When I was young, I observed that nine out of ten things I did were failures. So I did
ten times more work.
The English are not a very spiritual people, so they invented cricket to give them some idea of
eternity.
Assassination is the extreme form of censorship.
There is no satisfaction in hanging a man who does not object to it.
It is not pleasure that makes life worth living. It is life that makes pleasure worth having.
A book is like a child: it is easier to bring it into the world than to control it when it
is launched there.
Hell is full of musical amateurs: music is the brandy of the damned. May not one lost
soul be permitted to abstain?
What is life but a series of inspired follies? The difficulty is to find them to do. Never
lose a chance: it doesn’t come every day.
A man of my spiritual intensity does not eat corpses.
Beware of false knowledge; it is more dangerous than ignorance.
Do not waste your time on Social Questions. What is the matter with the poor is
Poverty; what is the matter with the rich is Uselessness.
A fool's brain digests philosophy into folly, science into superstition, and art into
pedantry. Hence University education.
A government that robs Peter to pay Paul can always depend on the support of Paul.
There are two tragedies in life. One is to lose your heart's desire. The other is to gain it.
All animals are equal, but some animals are more equal than others.
He who controls the past controls the future. He who controls the present controls
the past.
War is peace.
Freedom is slavery.
Ignorance is strength.
The most effective way to destroy people is to deny and obliterate their own
understanding of their history.
If you want a picture of the future, imagine a boot stamping on a human face—for ever.
The creatures outside looked from pig to man, and from man to pig, and from pig to
man again; but already it was impossible to say which was which.
Freedom is the right to tell people what they do not want to hear.
Doublethink means the power of holding two contradictory beliefs in one's mind
simultaneously, and accepting both of them.
Until they became conscious they will never rebel, and until after they have rebelled
they cannot become conscious.
We shall squeeze you empty and then we shall fill you with ourselves.
There was truth and there was untruth, and if you clung to the truth even against the
whole world, you were not mad.
Men can only be happy when they do not assume that the object of life is happiness.
If you kept the small rules, you could break the big ones.
All the war-propaganda, all the screaming and lies and hatred, comes invariably from people who
are not fighting.
We do not merely destroy our enemies; we change them.
Of pain you could wish only one thing: that it should stop. Nothing in the world was so bad as
physical pain. In the face of pain there are no heroes.
One does not establish a dictatorship in order to safeguard a revolution; one makes
the revolution in order to establish the dictatorship.
The quickest way of ending a war is to lose it.
Reality exists in the human mind, and nowhere else.
To see what is in front of one's nose needs a constant struggle.
Political language. . . is designed to make lies sound truthful and murder respectable,
and to give an appearance of solidity to pure wind.
At age 50, every man has the face he deserves.
We sleep safe in our beds because rough men stand ready in the night to visit violence
on those who would do us harm.
Enlightened people seldom or never possess a sense of responsibility.
We are all capable of believing things which we know to be untrue, and then, when
we are finally proved wrong, impudently twisting the facts so as to show that we were
right.
Every war when it comes, or before it comes, is represented not as a war but as an act
of self-defense against a homicidal maniac.
Outside of a dog, a book is man's best friend. Inside of a dog it's too dark to read.
I find television very educating. Every time somebody turns on the set, I go into the other room
and read a book.
When you're in jail, a good friend will be trying to bail you out. A best friend will be in the cell
next to you saying, 'Damn, that was fun'.
From the moment I picked your book up until I laid it down, I convulsed with laughter.
Someday I intend on reading it.
Humor is reason gone mad.
I never forget a face, but in your case I'll be glad to make an exception.
Learn from the mistakes of others. You can never live long enough to make them all
yourself.
I sent the club a wire stating, "PLEASE ACCEPT MY RESIGNATION. I DON'T
WANT TO BELONG TO ANY CLUB THAT WILL ACCEPT ME AS A MEMBER.
Those are my principles, and if you don't like them...well I have others.
One morning I shot an elephant in my pajamas. How he got in my pajamas I'll never
know.
Yesterday is dead, tomorrow hasn't arrived yet. I have just one day, and I'm going to
be happy in it.
Some people claim that marriage interferes with romance. There's no doubt about it.
Anytime you have a romance, your wife is bound to interfere.
There is one way to find out if a man is honest; ask him! If he says yes you know
he's crooked.
Just give me a comfortable couch, a dog, a good book, and a woman. Then if you can get the
dog to go somewhere and read the book, I might have a little fun.
Only one man in a thousand is a leader of men -- the other 999 follow women.
Either this man is dead or my watch has stopped.
Marriage is a wonderful institution...but who wants to live in an institution?
I don’t have a photograph, but you can have my footprints. They’re upstairs in my socks.
If you've heard this story before, don't stop me, because I'd like to hear it again.
Paying alimony is like feeding hay to a dead horse.
All people are born alike... except Republicans and Democrats.
Practically everybody in New York has half a mind to write a book -and does.
A man is only as old as the woman he feels.
If you're not having fun, you're doing something wrong.
Time flies like an arrow; fruit flies like a banana.
The secret of life is honesty and fair dealing. If you can fake that, you've got it made.
Politics is the art of looking for trouble, finding it everywhere, diagnosing it incorrectly
and applying the wrong remedies.
A child of five could understand this. Send someone to fetch a child of five.
Man does not control his own fate. The women in his life do that for him.
Age is not a particularly interesting subject. Anyone can get old. All you have to do is
live long enough.
Anyone who stops learning is old, whether at twenty or eighty. Anyone who keeps learning stays
young.
Failure is simply an opportunity to begin again, this time more intelligently.
My best friend is the one who brings out the best in me.
Obstacles are those frightful things you see when you take your eyes off your goals.
Don't find fault, find a remedy; anybody can complain.
The only real mistake is the one from which we learn nothing.
Nothing is particularly hard if you divide it into small jobs.
Quality means doing it right when no one is looking.
If everyone is moving forward together, then success takes care of itself.
There are three things that grow more precious with age; old wood to burn, old books
to read, and old friends to enjoy.
An innovator should have understanding of one's customers and their problems via
empirical, observational, anecdotal methods or even intuition.
If I had asked people what they wanted, they would have said faster horses.
Those who walk with God, always reach their destination.
Money is like an arm or leg- use it or lose it.
Most people think that faith means believing something; oftener it means trying
something, giving it a chance to prove itself
Coming together is a beginning; keeping together is progress; working together is
success.
Education is a weapon, whose effect depends on who holds it in his hands and at whom
it is aimed.
Ideas are far more powerful than guns. We don't let our people have guns. Why should we let
them have ideas?
History has shown there are no invincible armies.
People who cast the votes decide nothing. The people who count the votes decide
everything.
It is not heroes that make history, but history that makes heroes.
When there's a person, there's a problem. When there's no person, there's no problem.
Music's a good thing, it calm the beast in the man.
Death is the solution to all problems. No man - no problem.
In the Soviet Union, it's takes more courage to retreat than advance.
The only real power comes out of a long rifle.
You do not lament the loss of hair of one who has been beheaded.
When we hang the capitalists they will sell us the rope we use.
The writer is the engineer of the human soul.
A sincere diplomat is like dry water or wooden iron.
The Pope? How many divisions has he got?
Everyone imposes his own system as far as his army can reach.
I trust no one, not even myself.
It is enough that the people know there was an election. The people who cast the votes
decide nothing. The people who count the votes decide everything.
America is like a healthy body and its resistance is threefold: its patriotism, its
morality, and its spiritual life. If we can undermine these three areas, America will
collapse from within.
I consider it completely unimportant who in the party will vote, or how; but what is
extraordinarily important is this—who will count the votes, and how.
Die, but do not retreat.
We think that a powerful and vigorous movement is impossible without differences.
"True conformity" is possible only in the cemetery.
We do not want a single foot of foreign territory; but of our territory we shall not
surrender a single inch to anyone.
Intelligence agencies keep things secret because they often violate the rule of law or of good
behavior.
What we know is everything, it is our limit, of what we can be.
Capable, generous men do not create victims, they nurture victims.
Vanity in a newspaper man is like perfume on a whore: they use it to fend off a dark
whiff of themselves.
True information does good.
The corruption in reporting starts very early. It's like the police reporting on
the police.
In the history of Wikileaks, nobody has claimed that the material being put out is
not authentic.
facebook is the most appalling spying machine that has ever been invented.
I may be a chauvinist pig of some sort, but I'm no rapist.
The goal is justice, the method is transparency. It's important not to confuse the goal
and the method.
Sweden is the Saudi Arabia of feminism.
I would be happy to accept asylum, political asylum, in India — a nation I love.
We don't have sources who are dissidents on other sources. Should they come forward,
that would be a tricky situation for us. But we're presumably acting in such a way that
people feel morally compelled to continue our mission, not to screw it up.
These megaleaks... They're an important phenomenon, and they're only going to
increase.
The philosophers have only interpreted the world, in various ways: the point, however, is
to change it.
Religion is the opiate of the masses.
Sell a man a fish, he eats for a day, teach a man how to fish, you ruin a wonderful business
opportunity.
The production of too many useful things results in too many useless people.
Reason has always existed, but not always in a reasonable form.
The abolition of religion as the illusory happiness of the people is the demand for
their real happiness.
Social progress can be measured by the social position of the female sex.
Democracy is the road to socialism.
All I know is that I am not a Marxist.
Workers of the world unite! You have nothing to lose but your chains.
It is not the consciousness of men that determines their being, but, on the contrary,
their social being that determines their consciousness.
Communism is the riddle of history solved, and it knows itself to be this solution.
Surround yourself with people who make you happy. People who make you laugh,
who help you when you’re in need. People who genuinely care. They are the ones
worth keeping in your life. Everyone else is just passing through.
My object in life is to dethrone God and destroy capitalism.
The task is not just to understand the world but to change it.
The only antidote to mental suffering is physical pain.
I sit on a man's back, choking him, and making him carry me, and yet assure myself and others
that I am very sorry for him and wish to ease his lot by any means possible, except getting off his
back.
We can know only that we know nothing. And that is the highest degree of human wisdom.
Nothing is so necessary for a young man as the company of intelligent women.
Kings are the slaves of history.
A man can live and be healthy without killing animals for food; therefore, if he eats
meat, he participates in taking animal life merely for the sake of his appetite. And to
act so is immoral.
All happy families resemble one another, each unhappy family is unhappy in its
own way.
What a joy it is to do a good deed! And this joy is strongest if no one knows that you
have done it.
Mysterious language is not a sign of wisdom. The wiser a person is, the simpler the
language he uses to express his thoughts.
Until they throw the money changers out of the temple of art, it will never be a real
temple.
Religion and law try to escape from criticism, religion by saying that it is divine and
law by showing that it is powerful.
Everyone thinks of changing the world, but no one thinks of changing himself.
Historians are like deaf people who go on answering questions that no one has asked
them.
I object to violence because when it appears to do good,
the good is only temporary; the evil it does is permanent.
An eye for an eye only ends up making the whole world blind.
A man is but the product of his thoughts what he thinks, he becomes.
You must be the change you wish to see in the world.
A man who was completely innocent, offered himself as a sacrifice for
the good of others, including his enemies, and became the ransom of the
world. It was a perfect act.
I’m a lover of my own liberty, and so I would do nothing to restrict yours.
I simply want to please my own conscience, which is God.
A coward is incapable of exhibiting love; it is the prerogative of the brave.
All compromise is based on give and take, but there can be no give and
take on fundamentals. Any compromise on mere fundamentals is a
surrender. For it is all give and no take.
To call woman the weaker sex is a libel; it is man's injustice to woman.
Nobody can hurt me without my permission.
You must not lose faith in humanity. Humanity is an ocean;
if a few drops of the ocean are dirty, the ocean does not become dirty.
The weak can never forgive. Forgiveness is the attribute of the strong.
An ounce of practice is worth more than tons of preaching.
I do not want to foresee the future. I am concerned with taking care of the
present, God has given me no control over the moment following.
It is unwise to be too sure of one’s own wisdom.
First they ignore you, then they laugh at you, then they fight you, then you win.
I look only to the good qualities of men. Not being faultless myself,
I won’t presume to probe into the faults of others.
Constant development is the law of life, and a man who always tries to maintain
his dogmas in order to appear consistent drives himself into a false position.
It is healthy to be reminded that the strongest might weaken and the wisest might
err.
Hate the sin and love the sinner.
Religions are different roads converging on the same point.
What is faith worth if it is not translated into action?
The best way to find yourself is to lose yourself in the service of others.
The greatness of a nation can be judged by the way its animals are treated.
It is better to be violent, if there is violence in our hearts, than to put on the
cloak of nonviolence to cover impotence.
Even if you are a minority of one, the truth is the truth.
I suppose leadership at one time meant muscles; but today it means getting
along with people.
In a gentle way, you can shake the world.
If I had no sense of humor, I would long ago have committed suicide.
Man can never be a woman's equal in the spirit of selfless service with which
nature has endowed her.
The real ornament of woman is her character, her purity.
The spirit of democracy is not a mechanical thing to be adjusted by abolition
of forms. It requires change of heart.
What difference does it make to the dead, the orphans, and the homeless, whether the
mad destruction is wrought under the name of totalitarianism or the holy name of liberty or
democracy?
Power is of two kinds. One is obtained by the fear of punishment and the other by acts of love.
Power based on love is a thousand times more effective and permanent then the one derived
from fear of punishment.
A weak man is just by accident. A strong but non-violent man is unjust by accident.
A nation's culture resides in the hearts and in the soul of its people.
Man should forget his anger before he lies down to sleep.
Democracy and violence can ill go together. Evolution of democracy is not possible
if we are not prepared to hear the other side.
It may be long before the law of love will be recognized in international affairs. The
machinery's of government stand between and hide the hearts of one people from
those of another.
If you judge people, you have no time to love them.
People are often unreasonable and self-centered. Forgive them anyway.
If you are kind, people may accuse you of ulterior motives. Be kind anyway.
If you are honest, people may cheat you. Be honest anyway.
If you find happiness, people may be jealous. Be happy anyway.
The good you do today may be forgotten tomorrow. Do good anyway.
Give the world the best you have and it may never be enough. Give your best anyway.
For you see, in the end, it is between you and God. It was never between you and
them anyway.
Peace begins with a smile.
Do not think that love in order to be genuine has to be extraordinary. What we need
is to love without getting tired. Be faithful in small things because it is in them that
your strength lies.
Kind words can be short and easy to speak, but their echoes are truly endless.
Yesterday is gone. Tomorrow has not yet come. We have only today. Let us begin.
God doesn't require you to succeed, he only requires that you try.
What can you do to promote world peace? Go home and love your family.
The most terrible poverty is loneliness, and the feeling of being unloved.
I can do things you cannot, you can do things I cannot; together we can do great
things.
Do not wait for leaders; do it alone, person to person.
Joy is a net of love in which you can catch souls.
Words which do not give the light of Christ increase the darkness.
Jesus said love one another. He didn't say love the whole world.
There are many people who can do big things, but there are very few people who
will do the small things.
I prefer you to make mistakes in kindness than work miracles in unkindness.
I alone cannot change the world, but I can cast a stone across the waters to create
many ripples.
One of the greatest diseases is to be nobody to anybody.
The hunger for love is much more difficult to remove than the hunger for bread.
The greatest destroyer of peace is abortion because if a mother can kill her own
child, what is left for me to kill you and you to kill me? There is nothing between.
If we have no peace, it is because we have forgotten that we belong to each other.
When you have nothing left but God,you have more than enough to start over
again.
Spread love everywhere you go. Let no one ever come to you without leaving
happier.
Joy is strength.
If you tell the truth, you don't have to remember anything.
Never put off until tomorrow what you can do the day after tomorrow.
Good friends, good books, and a sleepy conscience: this is the ideal life.
Whenever you find yourself on the side of the majority, it is time to pause and reflect.
Great people are those who make others feel that they, too, can become great.
The secret of getting ahead is getting started.
Don’t go around saying the world owes you a living. The world owes you nothing.
It was here first.
To get the full value of a joy you must have somebody to divide it with.
The man who does not read good books has no advantage over the man who can't
read them.
In the first place God made idiots. This was for practice. Then He made School
Boards.
The Bible: It is full of interest. It has noble poetry in it; and some clever fables; and
some blood-drenched history; and some good morals; and a wealth of obscenity; and
upwards of a thousand lies.
The man with a new idea is a Crank until the idea succeeds.
There are many humorous things in the world; among them, the white man’s notion
that he is less savage than the other savages.
Man is the only animal that blushes, or needs to.
One of the most striking differences between a cat and a lie is that a cat has only nine lives.
The dictionary is the only place where success comes before work.
Twenty years from now you will be more disappointed by the things that you didn´t do than by
the ones you did do. So throw off the bowlines. Sail away from the safe harbor. Catch the trade
winds in your sails. Explore. Dream. Discover.
Never tell the truth to people who are not worthy of it.
Reader, suppose you were an idiot. And suppose you were a member of Congress.
But I repeat myself.
Loyalty to country always. Loyalty to government, when it deserves it.
If you don't read the newspaper, you're uninformed. If you read the newspaper,
you're mis-informed.
If you pick up a starving dog and make him prosperous he will not bite you. This is
the principal difference between a dog and man.
The best way to cheer yourself is to try to cheer someone else up.
April 1. This is the day upon which we are reminded of what we are on the other three
hundred and sixty-four days.
Heaven goes by favor. If it went by merit, you would stay out and your dog would go in.
Giving up smoking is the easiest thing in the world. I know because I've done it
thousands of times.
Age is an issue of mind over matter. If you don't mind, it doesn't matter.
I have a higher and grander standard of principle than George Washington. He could not lie;
I can, but I won't.
When your friends begin to flatter you on how young you look, it's a sure sign you're getting old.
Write without pay until somebody offers to pay you. If nobody offers within three
years, sawing wood is what you were intended for.
Let us be thankful for the fools. Because of them the rest of us could not succeed.
A room without books is like a body without a soul.
Plan for the future because that's where you are going to spend the rest of your life.
Get your facts first, then you can distort them as you please.
A man's character may be learned from the adjectives which he habitually uses
in conversation.
To succeed in life, you need two things: ignorance and confidence.
When you fish for love, bait with your heart, not your brain.
When angry, count to four. When very angry, swear.
Only one thing is impossible for God: To find any sense in any copyright law on the
planet.
I'm selfish, impatient and a little insecure. I make mistakes, I am out of control and at times
hard to handle. But if you can't handle me at my worst, then you sure as hell don't deserve me
at my best.
Imperfection is beauty, madness is genius and it's better to be absolutely ridiculous than
absolutely boring.
I am good, but not an angel. I do sin, but I am not the devil. I am just a small girl in a
big world trying to find someone to love.
If you can make a girl laugh, you can make her do anything.
If you're gonna be two-faced at least make one of them pretty.
When it comes down to it, I let them think what they want. If they care enough
to bother with what I do, then I'm already better than them.
Give a girl the right shoes, and she can conquer the world.
We should all start to live before we get too old. Fear is stupid. So are regrets.
I don't mind living in a man's world, as long as I can be a woman in it.
The nicest thing for me is sleep, then at least I can dream.
I want to grow old without facelifts. I want to have the courage to be loyal to the face
I have made.
I don't know who invented high heels, but all women owe him a lot!
Sex is part of nature. I go along with nature.
Hollywood is a place where they'll pay you a thousand dollars for a kiss and fifty cents for your
soul. I know, because I turned down the first offer often enough and held out for the fifty cents.
Before marriage, a girl has to make love to a man to hold him. After marriage, she has to hold
him to make love to him.
Wanting to be someone else is a waste of the person you are.
A sex symbol becomes a thing. I hate being a thing.
The thing I want more than anything else? I want to have children. I used to feel for
every child I had, I would adopt another.
Your clothes should be tight enough to show you're a woman but loose enough to
show you're a lady.
A career is born in public—talent in privacy.
I don't want to make money, I just want to be wonderful.
Men are so willing to respect anything that bores them.
I'm very definitely a woman and I enjoy it.
If I'd observed all the rules, I'd never have got anywhere.
First, I'm trying to prove to myself that I'm a person. Then maybe I'll convince
myself that I'm an actress.
The trouble with censors is that they worry if a girl has cleavage. They ought to
worry if she hasn't any.
Always forgive your enemies; nothing annoys them so much.
To live is the rarest thing in the world. Most people exist, that is all.
If one cannot enjoy reading a book over and over again, there is no use in reading it at all.
The pure and simple truth is rarely pure and never simple.
The books that the world calls immoral are books that show the world its own shame.
You can never be overdressed or overeducated.
I don't want to go to heaven. None of my friends are there.
I am so clever that sometimes I don't understand a single word of what I am saying.
A good friend will always stab you in the front.
Most people are other people. Their thoughts are someone else's opinions, their lives
a mimicry, their passions a quotation.
Anyone who lives within their means suffers from a lack of imagination.
Every saint has a past, and every sinner has a future.
I think God, in creating man, somewhat overestimated his ability.
Experience is merely the name men gave to their mistakes.
Man is least himself when he talks in his own person. Give him a mask, and he will
tell you the truth.
Never love anyone who treats you like you're ordinary.
I can resist anything except temptation.
All women become like their mothers. That is their tragedy. No man does, and that is his.
Fashion is a form of ugliness so intolerable that we have to alter it every six months.
Whenever people agree with me I always feel I must be wrong.
A man's face is his autobiography. A woman's face is her work of fiction.
I choose my friends for their good looks, my acquaintances for their good characters,
and my enemies for their good intellects.
We live in an age when unnecessary things are our only necessities.
Humanity takes itself too seriously. It is the world's original sin. If the cave-man had
known how to laugh, History would have been different.
A little sincerity is a dangerous thing, and a great deal of it is absolutely fatal.
When the gods wish to punish us, they answer our prayers.
My own business always bores me to death; I prefer other people’s.
What is a cynic? A man who knows the price of everything and the value of nothing.
The critic has to educate the public; the artist has to educate the critic.
The Americans are certainly hero-worshippers, and always take their heroes from the
criminal classes.
If you pretend to be good, the world takes you very seriously. If you pretend to be
bad, it doesn’t. Such is the astounding stupidity of optimism.
If you want to tell people the truth, make them laugh, otherwise they’ll kill you.
The public have an insatiable curiosity to know everything, except what is worth knowing.
A man can be happy with any woman as long as he does not love her.
No man is rich enough to buy back his past.
Nothing can cure the soul but the senses, just as nothing can cure the senses but the soul.
One should always be in love. That is the reason one should never marry.
It is always a silly thing to give advice, but to give good advice is fatal.
Pessimist: One who, when he has the choice of two evils, chooses both.
There is no necessity to separate the monarch from the mob; all authority is equally
bad.
The moment you think you understand a great work of art, it's dead for you.
An excellent man; he has no enemies; and none of his friends like him.
Men always want to be a woman's first love - women like to be a man's last romance.
Democracy means simply the bludgeoning of the people by the people for the
people.
No great artist ever sees things as they really are. If he did, he would cease to be an
artist.
Between men and women there is no friendship possible. There is passion, enmity,
worship, love, but no friendship.
It is better to be beautiful than to be good. But. it is better to be good than to be ugly.
To expect the unexpected shows a thoroughly modern intellect.
Happiness happens when you fit with your life, when you fit so harmoniously that whatsoever
you are doing is your joy.
Attachment is the root cause of all misery. Possessiveness is nourishment for the ego.
As long as the “I” is there, love cannot be. All that we call love is only desire, longing, passion
and attachment; as long as ego is there, all these bind one.
Transcendence means going beyond duality. Attachment means remaining within duality.
Find ecstasy within yourself. It is not out there. It is in your innermost flowering. The
one you are looking for is you. You are the traveler and you are the destination. In
experiencing the ecstasy of your own being, you have achieved the final goal.
Comparison is a very foolish attitude, because each person is unique and incompara
ble. Once this understanding settles in you, jealousy disappears. Each is unique and
incomparable. You are just yourself: nobody has ever been like you, and nobody will
ever be like you. And you need not be like anybody else, either. God creates only
originals; he does not believe in carbon copies.
Life is a pilgrimage to nowhere, from nowhere to nowhere. And between these two
nowheres is the Now-Here.
To be alone is the only real revolution. To accept that you are alone is the greatest
transformation that can happen to you.
Meaning is man-created. And because you constantly look for meaning, you start to
feel meaninglessness.
Always remember to judge everything by your inner feeling of bliss.
Friendship is the purest love. It is the highest form of Love where nothing is asked for, no
condition, where one simply enjoys giving.
Only those who are ready to become nobodies are able to love.
Don't choose. Accept life as it is in its totality.
Life is a balance between rest and movement.
Fools laugh at others. Wisdom laughs at itself.
Zen is the only religion in the world that teaches sudden enlightenment. It says that
enlightenment takes no time, it can happen in a single, split second.
Drop the idea of becoming someone, because you are already a masterpiece. You can
not be improved. You have only to come to it, to know it, to realize it.
Creativity is the greatest rebellion in existence.
Life begins where fear ends.
My meditation is simple. It does not require any complex practices. It is simple. It is
singing. It is dancing. It is sitting silently.
The less people know, the more stubbornly they know it.
If you are a parent, open doors to unknown directions to the child so he can explore.
Don't make him afraid of the unknown, give him support.
They say: Think twice before you jump. I say: Jump first and then think as much as
you want!
In the space of no-mind, truth descends like light.
If you cry because the sun has gone out of your life, your tears will prevent you from seeing the
stars.
Love's gift cannot be given, it waits to be accepted.
The butterfly counts not months but moments, and has time enough.
I slept and dreamt that life was joy. I awoke and saw that life was service. I acted and behold,
service was joy.
It is very simple to be happy, but it is very difficult to be simple.
The small wisdom is like water in a glass:
clear, transparent, pure.
The great wisdom is like the water in the sea:
dark, mysterious, impenetrable.
Don't limit a child to your own learning, for he was born in another time.
By plucking her petals you do not gather the beauty of the flower.
We read the world wrong and say that it deceives us.
Music fills the infinite between two souls.
Every child comes with the message that God is not yet discouraged of man.
The biggest changes in a women's nature are brought by love; in man, by ambition.
The water in a vessel is sparkling; the water in the sea is dark. The small truth has
words which are clear; the great truth has great silence.
when you came you cried and everybody smiled with joy; when you go smile and let
the world cry for you.
In Art, man reveals himself and not his objects.
These paper boats of mine are meant to dance on the ripples of hours, and not reach any
destination.
Clouds come floating into my life, no longer to carry rain or usher storm, but to add color to my
sunset sky.
Let us not pray to be sheltered from dangers but to be fearless when facing them.
Faith is the bird that feels the light when the dawn is still dark.
Do not say, 'It is morning,' and dismiss it with a name of yesterday. See it for the first
time as a newborn child that has no name.
Beauty is truth's smile when she beholds her own face in a perfect mirror.
The singer alone does not make a song, there has to be someone who hears.
Let me not look for allies in life's battlefield,But to my own strength. Let me not crave
in anxious fear to be saved,But for the patience to win my freedom.
Bigotry tries to keep truth safe in its hand with a grip that kills it.
Let us not pray to be sheltered from dangers but to be fearless when facing them.
The fish in the water is silent, the animals on the earth is noisy, the bird in the air is
singing. But man has in him the silence of the sea, the noise of the earth and the music
of the air.
My day is done, and I am like a boat drawn on the beach, listening to the dance-music
of the tide in the evening.
Depth of friendship does not depend on length of acquaintance.
In three words I can sum up everything I've learned about life: it goes on.
Never be bullied into silence. Never allow yourself to be made a victim. Accept no one’s definition
of your life; define yourself.
Love is an irresistible desire to be irresistibly desired.
If we couldn't laugh we would all go insane.
Education is the ability to listen to almost anything without losing your temper or
your self-confidence.
Happiness makes up in height for what it lacks in length.
Half the world is composed of people who have something to say and can't, and the
other half who have nothing to say and keep on saying it.
The best way out is always through.
I am not a teacher, but an awakener.
I'm not confused. I'm just well mixed.
Forgive me my nonsense as I also forgive the nonsense of those who think they talk
sense.
A diplomat is a man who always remembers a woman's birthday but never
remembers her age.
Poetry is when an emotion has found its thought and the thought has found words.
A mother takes twenty years to make a man of her boy, and another woman makes a
fool of him in twenty minutes.
The world is full of willing people, some willing to work, the rest willing to let them.
The afternoon knows what the morning never suspected.
We dance round in a ring and suppose,
But the Secret sits in the middle and knows.
By working faithfully eight hours a day, you may eventually get to be a boss and work twelve
hours a day.
A person will sometimes devote all his life to the development of one part of his body
- the wishbone.
A poem begins in delight and ends in wisdom.
The brain is a wonderful organ; it starts working the moment you get up in the
morning and does not stop until you get into the office.
You're always believing ahead of your evidence. What was the evidence I could write a
poem? I just believed it. The most creative thing in us is to believe in a thing.
A liberal is a man too broadminded to take his own side in a quarrel.
A good book has no ending.
A civilized society is one which tolerates eccentricity to the point of doubtful sanity.
You've got to love what's lovable, and hate what's hateable. It takes brains to see the
difference.
A bank is a place where they lend you an umbrella in fair weather and ask for it back
when it begins to rain.
Families break up when they get hints you don't intend and miss hints that you do.
The reason why worry kills more people than work is that more people worry than
work.
The unexamined life is not worth living.
Wonder is the beginning of wisdom.
By all means marry; if you get a good wife, you’ll become happy; if you get a bad one, you’ll
become a philosopher.
Be slow to fall into friendship, but when you are in, continue firm and constant.
The only good is knowledge and the only evil is ignorance.
Death may be the greatest of all human blessings.
Strong minds discuss ideas, average minds discuss events, weak minds discuss people.
Sometimes you put walls up not to keep people out, but to see who cares enough to
break them down.
I am not an Athenian nor a Greek, but a citizen of the world.
The secret of happiness, you see, is not found in seeking more, but in developing the
capacity to enjoy less.
When the debate is lost, slander becomes the tool of the loser.
Employ your time in improving yourself by other men's writings so that you shall
come easily by what others have labored hard for.
The greatest way to live with honor in this world is to be what we pretend to be.
He is richest who is content with the least, for content is the wealth of nature.
To move the world we must move ourselves.
Life contains but two tragedies. One is not to get your heart’s desire; the other is to
get it.
All men's souls are immortal, but the souls of the righteous are immortal and divine.
Be as you wish to seem.
False words are not only evil in themselves, but they infect the soul with evil.
No man undertakes a trade he has not learned, even the meanest; yet every one thinks himself
sufficiently qualified for the hardest of all trades - that of government.
True wisdom comes to each of us when we realize how little we understand about life,
ourselves, and the world around us.
Remember, no human condition is ever permanent. Then you will not be overjoyed in
good fortune nor too scornful in misfortune.
The hour of departure has arrived and we go our ways; I to die, and you to live.
Which is better? Only God knows.
False words are not only evil in themselves, but they infect the soul with evil.
From the deepest desires often come the deadliest hate.
Call no man unhappy until he is married.
The hottest love has the coldest end.
If a man is proud of his wealth, he should not be praised until it is known how he
employs it.
The poets are only the interpreters of the Gods.
Our prayers should be for blessings in general, for God knows best what is good for us.
Happiness is unrepentant pleasure
See for the highest, aim at that highest, and you shall reach the highest.
"Comfort" is no test of truth; on the contrary, truth is often far from being "comfortable".
The only test of good things is that they make us strong.
Purity, patience, and perseverance are the three essentials to success, and above all, love.
Stand up, be bold, be strong. Take the whole responsibility on your own shoulders,
and know that you are the creator of your own destiny.
We must keep our dignity before others. Unless we do that, we expose ourselves to
insult.
The history of the world is the history of a few men who had faith in themselves.
When death is certain, it is best to sacrifice oneself for a good cause.
Experience is the only teacher we have.
If superstition enters, the brain is gone.
Tell the truth boldly, whether it hurts or not.
The greatest sin is to think that you are weak.
Whatever is weak, avoid! It is death. If it is strength, go down into hell and get hold
of it!
The fire that warms us can also consume us; it is not the fault of the fire.
You have to grow from the inside out. None can teach you, none can make you
spiritual. There is no other teacher but your own soul.
In a conflict between the heart and the brain, follow your heart.
Neither seek nor avoid, take what comes.
Design is not just what it looks like and feels like. Design is how it works.
Do you want to spend the rest of your life selling sugared water or do you want a chance to change
the world?
If today were the last day of my life, Would I want to do what I’m about to do today?
And whenever the answer has been “no” for too many days in a row, I know I need to
change something.
Be a yardstick of quality. Some people aren't used to an environment where excellence
is expected.
Being the richest man in the cemetery doesn't matter to me ... Going to bed at night
saying we've done something wonderful... that's what matters to me.
It's more fun to be a pirate than to join the navy.
It's really hard to design products by focus groups. A lot of times, people don't know
what they want until you show it to them.
My job is not to be easy on people. My job is to make them better.
Innovation has nothing to do with how many R&D dollars you have. When Apple
came up with the Mac, IBM was spending at least 100 times more on R&D. It's not
about money. It's about the people you have, how you're led, and how much you get it.
Older people sit down and ask, 'What is it?' but the boy asks, 'What can I do with it?'.
That's been one of my mantras - focus and simplicity. Simple can be harder than
complex: You have to work hard to get your thinking clean to make it simple. But it's
worth it in the end, because once you get there, you can move mountains.
My model for business is The Beatles: They were four guys that kept each other's negative
tendencies in check; they balanced each other. And the total was greater than the sum of the
parts. Great things in business are not done by one person, they are done by a team of people.
I'm actually as proud of the things we haven't done as the things I have done. Innovation is saying
no to 1,000 things.
I am saddened, not by Microsoft’s success — I have no problem with their success.
They’ve earned their success, for the most part. I have a problem with the fact that
they just make really third-rate products.
It's not a faith in technology. It's faith in people.
My favorite things in life don't cost any money. It's really clear that the most precious
resource we all have is time.
Pretty much, Apple and Dell are the only ones in this industry making money. They
make it by being WalMart. We make it by innovation.
Sometimes life hits you in the head with a brick. Don't lose faith.
To turn really interesting ideas and fledgling technologies into a company that can
continue to innovate for years, it requires a lot of disciplines.
We hire people who want to make the best things in the world.
I think death is the most wonderful invention of life. It purges the system of these old
models that are obsolete.
I would trade all my technology for an afternoon with Socrates.
I have not failed. I've just found 10,000 ways that won't work.
Many of life's failures are people who did not realize how close they were to success when they
gave up.
Five percent of the people think;
ten percent of the people think they think;
and the other eighty-five percent would rather die than think.
Genius is 1 percent inspiration and 99 percent perspiration.
Non-violence leads to the highest ethics, which is the goal of all evolution. Until we
stop harming all other living beings, we are still savages.
Our greatest weakness lies in giving up. The most certain way to succeed is to try just
one more time.
To invent, you need a good imagination and a pile of junk.
The three great essentials to achieve anything worthwhile are, first, hard work; second,
stick-to-itiveness; third, common sense.
Negative results are just what I want. They’re just as valuable to me as positive results.
I can never find the thing that does the job best until I find the ones that don’t.
I never did a day’s work in my life. it was all fun.
There is always a better way.
Your worth consists in what you are and not in what you have.
We have but two ears and one mouth so that we may listen twice as much as we speak.
I find out what the world needs. Then I go ahead and try to invent it.
I am proud of the fact that I never invented weapons to kill.
Good fortune is what happens when opportunity meets with planning.
I never failed once. It just happened to be a 2000-step process.
As a cure for worrying, work is better than whisky.
Everything comes to him who hustles while he waits.
So far as the religion of the day is concerned, it is a damned fake.. Religion is all bunk.
I owe my success to the fact that I never had a clock in my workroom.
If we did all the things we are capable of, we would literally astound ourselves.
Be courageous! Have faith! Go forward.
I am not discouraged, because every wrong attempt discarded is another step forward.
Relentlessness and discontent are the first necessities of progress.
Maturity is often more absurd than youth and very frequently is most unjust to youth.
It is astonishing what an effort it seems to be for many people to put their brains
definitely and systematically to work.
Show me a thoroughly satisfied man and I will show you a failure.
I start where the last man left off.
I find my greatest pleasure, and so my reward, in the work that precedes what the
world calls success.
There is far more opportunity than there is ability.
There is no expedient to which a man will not go to avoid the labor of thinking.
I don’t mind what Congress does, as long as they don’t do it in the streets and frighten the horses.
Indigestion is charged by God with enforcing morality on the stomach.
There are many tongues to talk, and but few heads to think.
Table talk and lovers’ talk equally elude the grasp; lovers’ talk is clouds, table talk is smoke.
Love is the foolishness of men, and the wisdom of God.
Music expresses that which cannot be put into words and that which cannot remain
silent.
Even the darkest night will end and the sun will rise.
To love another person is to see the face of God.
Certain thoughts are prayers. There are moments when, whatever be the attitude of
the body, the soul is on its knees.
People do not lack strength, they lack will.
If I speak, I am condemned.
If I stay silent, I am damned!
You ask me what forces me to speak? a strange thing; my conscience.
The future has several names. For the weak, it is impossible; for the fainthearted, it is
unknown; but for the valiant, it is ideal.
There is always more misery among the lower classes than there is humanity in the
higher.
It is not easy to keep silent when silence is a lie.
Fashions have done more harm than revolutions.
When a woman is talking to you, listen to what she says with her eyes.
The word which God has written on the brow of every man is Hope.
The first symptom of love in a young man is timidity; in a girl boldness.
Civil war? What does that mean? Is there any foreign war? Isn't every war fought between men,
between brothers?
When dictatorship is a fact, revolution becomes a right.
There are fathers who do not love their children; there is no grandfather who does not
adore his grandson.
Common sense is in spite of, not as the result of education.
A shadow is hard to seize by the throat and dash to the ground.
To destroy abuses is not enough; Habits must also be changed. The windmill has gone,
but the wind is still there.
Be a bird perched on a frail branch that she feels bending beneath her, still she sings
away all the same, knowing she has wings.
England has two books, the Bible and Shakespeare. England made Shakespeare,but
the Bible made England.
A one-eyed man is much more incomplete than a blind man, for he knows what it is
that's lacking.
All the forces in the world are not so powerful as an idea whose time has come.
Adversity makes men, and prosperity makes monsters.
It is by suffering that human beings become angels.
Freedom in capitalist society always remains about the same as it was in ancient Greek republics:
Freedom for slave owners.
There are no morals in politics; there is only expedience. A scoundrel may be of use to us just
because he is a scoundrel.
Give me just one generation of youth, and I'll transform the whole world.
There are decades where nothing happens; and there are weeks where decades happen.
The way to crush the bourgeoisie is to grind them between the millstones of taxation
and inflation.
It is true that liberty is precious; so precious that it must be carefully rationed.
Sometimes - history needs a push.
The best way to control the opposition is to lead it ourselves.
It is more pleasant and useful to go through the 'experience of the revolution' than
to write about it.
One man with a gun can control 100 without one.... Make mass searches and hold
executions for found arms.
One of the basic conditions for the victory of socialism is the arming of the workers
and the disarming of the bourgeoisie (the middle class).
Fascism is capitalism in decay.
Capitalists are no more capable of self-sacrifice than a man is capable of lifting
himself up by his own bootstraps.
Crime is a product of social excess.
The best way to destroy the capitalist system is to debauch the currency.
He who now talks about the "freedom of the press" goes backward, and halts our headlong
course towards Socialism.
Whenever the cause of the people is entrusted to professors, it is lost.
No amount of political freedom will satisfy the hungry masses.
It is impossible to predict the time and progress of revolution. It is governed by its
own more or less mysterious laws.
The history of all countries shows that the working class exclusively by its own effort
is able to develop only trade-union consciousness.
In the history of modern socialism this is a phenomenon, that the strife of the various
trends within the socialist movement has from national become international.
War cannot be abolished unless classes are abolished and Socialism is created.
Give me four years to teach the children and the seed I have sown will never be
uprooted.
If it were necessary to give the briefest possible definition of imperialism, we should
have to say that imperialism is the monopoly stage of capitalism.
Can a nation be free if it oppresses other nations? It cannot.
Give us the child for 8 years and it will be a Bolshevik forever.
A revolution is impossible without a revolutionary situation; furthermore, not every
revolutionary situation leads to revolution.
Communism is Soviet power plus the electrification of the whole country.
Politics begin where the masses are, not where there are thousands, but where there
are millions, that is where serious politics begin.
The fool doth think he is wise, but the wise man knows himself to be a fool.
Love looks not with the eyes, but with the mind.
Be not afraid of greatness. Some are born great, some achieve greatness, and others have
greatness thrust upon them.
It is not in the stars to hold our destiny but in ourselves.
Time is very slow for those who wait,
Very fast for those who are scared,
Very long for those who lament,
Very short for those who celebrate,
But for those who love, time is eternal.
There is nothing either good or bad, but thinking makes it so.
If you love and get hurt, love more.
If you love more and hurt more, love even more.
If you love even more and get hurt even more, love some more until it hurts no more...
Nothing will come of nothing; we must dare mighty things.
Our doubts are traitors, and make us lose the good we oft might win, by fearing to
attempt.
A light heart lives long.
Neither a borrower nor a lender be: For loan oft loses both itself and friend.
’Tis an ill cook that cannot lick his own fingers.
Brevity is the soul of wit.
Beware the ides of March.
With mirth and laughter let old wrinkles come.
The object of Art is to give life a shape.
Love me or hate me, both are in my favor…If you love me, I'll always be in your heart…
If you hate me, I'll always be in your mind.
Expectation is the root of all heartache.
Love is the greatest of dreams, yet the worst of nightmares.
All's well if all ends well.
One may smile, and smile, and be a villain.
Nothing will come of nothing: speak again.
What's done cannot be undone.
A young woman in love always looks like patience on a monument smiling at grief.
People’s good deeds we write in water. The evil deeds are etched in brass.
Better three hours too soon than a minute too late.
No legacy is so rich as honesty.
Better a witty fool, than a foolish wit.
There are three people in yourself:Who people think you are, Who you think you are, and who
you really are.
Men have died from time to time, and worms have eaten them, but not for love.
Go to your bosom; Knock there, and ask your heart what it doth know.
I wish my horse had the speed of your tongue.
What a piece of work is a man!
How noble in reason! How infinite in faculties!
In form and moving, how express and admirable!
In action how like an angel!
In apprehension how like a god!
The beauty of the world!
The paragon of animals!
And yet, to me, what is this quintessence of dust?
I must be cruel only to be kind; Thus bad begins, and worse remains behind.
Parting is such sweet sorrow that I shall say goodnight till it be morrow.
Hell is empty and all the devils are here.
Life is as tedious as twice-told tale, vexing the dull ear of a drowsy man.
Fishes live in the sea, as men do a-land; the great ones eat up the little ones.
Speak low, if you speak love.
Success is not final, failure is not fatal: it is the courage to continue that counts.
A pessimist sees the difficulty in every opportunity; an optimist sees the opportunity in
every difficulty.
You have enemies? Good. That means you've stood up for something, sometime in your life.
Courage is what it takes to stand up and speak; courage is also what it takes to sit down and listen.
If you are going through hell, keep going.
History will be kind to me for I intend to write it.
Tact is the ability to tell someone to go to hell in such a way that they look forward to
the trip.
Success is stumbling from failure to failure with no loss of enthusiasm.
I am fond of pigs. Dogs look up to us. Cats look down on us. Pigs treat us as equals.
The best argument against democracy is a five-minute conversation with the average
voter.
A fanatic is one who can't change his mind and won't change the subject.
Don't interrupt me while I'm interrupting.
Kites rise highest against the wind, not with it.
There is no such thing as a good tax.
An appeaser is one who feeds a crocodile—hoping it will eat him last.
The greatest lesson in life is to know that even fools are right sometimes.
We are all worms, But I do believe that I am a glow worm.
To improve is to change; to be perfect is to change often.
The farther backward you can look, the farther forward you are likely to see.
Democracy is the worst form of government except all those other forms that have been tried.
Personally I’m always ready to learn, although I do not always like being taught.
War is a game that is played with a smile. If you can’t smile, grin. If you can’t grin,
keep out of the way till you can.
You will never reach your destination if you stop and throw stones at every dog that
barks.
We contend that for a nation to tax itself into prosperity is like a man standing in a
bucket and trying to lift himself up by the handle.
Politics is the ability to foretell what is going to happen tomorrow, next week, next
month and next year. And to have the ability afterwards to explain why it didn’t happen.
Never, never, never give up.
A prisoner of war is a man who tries to kill you and fails, and then asks you not to kill
him.
A small lie needs a bodyguard of bigger lies to protect it.
Battles are won by slaughter and maneuver. The greater the general, the more he
contributes in maneuver, the less he demands in slaughter.
If Hitler invaded hell I would make at least a favorable reference to the devil in the
House of Commons.
Danger: if you meet it promptly and without flinching, you will reduce the danger by
half. Never run away from anything. Never!
Whatever we accomplish is due to the combined effort.
Nothing is impossible.
You'll be a poorer person all your life if you don't know some of the great stories and great poems.
Get a good idea and stay with it. Dog it, and work at it until it's done right.
A lie keeps growing and growing until it's as plain as the nose on your face.
A man should never neglect his family for business.
Adults are only kids grown up.
The difference in winning & losing is most often, not quitting.
We keep moving forward, opening new doors, and doing new things, because we’re
curious and curiosity keeps leading us down new paths.
I never called my work an 'art' It's part of show business, the business of building
entertainment.
The era we are living in today is a dream of coming true.
We allow no geniuses around our Studio.
You can design and create, and build the most wonderful place in the world. But it
takes people to make the dream a reality.
We are not trying to entertain the critics. I'll take my chances with the public.
Disneyland is a work of love. We didn't go into Disneyland just with the idea of
making money.
There's nothing funnier than the human animal.
A good story can take you on a fantastic journey.
Rule No.1: Never lose money. Rule No.2: Never forget rule No.1.
Never invest in a business you can’t understand.
I will tell you how to become rich. Close the doors. Be fearful when others are greedy. Be greedy
when others are fearful.
The only value of stock forecasters is to make fortune tellers look good.
I don't look to jump over 7-foot bars: I look around for 1-foot bars that I can step over.
Someone's sitting in the shade today because someone planted a tree a long time ago.
Price is what you pay. Value is what you get.
Whether we're talking about socks or stocks, I like buying quality merchandise when
it is marked down.
Without passion, you don’t have energy. Without energy, you have nothing.
It takes 20 years to build a reputation and five minuted to ruin it. If you think about
that you'll do things differently.
You never know who's swimming naked until the tide goes out.
Honesty is a very expensive gift, Don't expect it from cheap people.
It’s better to hang out with people better than you. Pick out associates whose behavior
is better than yours and you’ll drift in that direction.
You can't produce a baby in one month by getting nine women pregnant.
When you combine ignorance and leverage, you get some pretty interesting results.
Never ask a barber if you need a haircut.
Wall Street is the only place that people drive to in a Rolls Royce to take advice from people who
ride the subway.
Diversification is protection against ignorance. It makes little sense if you know what you are doing.
The fact that people will be full of greed, fear or folly is predictable.The sequence is not predictable.
When a management with a reputation for brilliance tackles a business with a reputation for bad
economics, it is usually the reputation of the business that remains intact.
I try to buy stock in businesses that are so wonderful that an idiot can run them.
Because sooner or later, one will.
If a business does well, the stock eventually follows.
I like to go for cinches. I like to shoot fish in a barrel. But I like to do it after the water
has run out.
In the business world, the rearview mirror is always clearer than the windshield.
The investor of today does not profit from yesterday's growth.
There seems to be some perverse human characteristic that likes to make easy things
difficult.
Time is the friend of the wonderful company, the enemy of the mediocre.
Chains of habit are too light to be felt until they are too heavy to be broken.
If past history was all there was to the game, the richest people would be librarians.
I buy expensive suits. They just look cheap on me.
I never attempt to make money on the stock market. I buy on the assumption that
they could close the market the next day and not reopen it for five years.
No party is as bad as its leaders.
Everybody is ignorant only on different subjects.
Strangers are just friends I haven't met yet.
Everything is changing. People are taking the comedians seriously and the politicians
as a joke.
With Congress, every time they make a joke it's a law, and every time they make a law
it's a joke.
I'm not a real movie star. I've still got the same wife I started out with twenty-eight
years ago.
Be thankful we're not getting all the government we're paying for.
The only way to beat the lawyers is to die with nothing.
Liberty doesn’t work as well in practice as it does in speeches.
You know you are getting old when everything either dries up or leaks.
If you don't learn to laugh at trouble, you won't have anything to laugh at when you're
old.
Mona Lisa is the only beauty who went through history and retained her reputation.
Things will get better - despite our efforts to improve them.
Good judgment comes from experience, and a lot of that comes from bad judgment.
I bet after seeing us, George Washington would sue us for calling him "father."
I never met a man that I didn't like.
I don't know the question, but sex is definitely the answer.
Life doesn't imitate art, it imitates bad television.
The difference between sex and love is that sex relieves tension and love causes it.
Is sex dirty? Only when it's being done right.
Sex is better than talk. Ask anybody. Talk is what you suffer through so you can get to sex.
Harvard makes mistakes too, you know. Kissinger taught there.
I believe there is something out there watching us. Unfortunately, it’s the government.
I took a speed-reading course and read War and Peace in twenty minutes. It involves
Russia.
I’m astounded by people who want to ‘know’ the universe when it’s hard enough to
find your way around Chinatown.
I’m very proud of my gold pocket watch. My grandfather, on his deathbed, sold me
this watch.
When I was kidnapped, my parents snapped into action. They rented out my room.
If you want to make God laugh, tell him about your plans.
I took a test in Existentialism. I left all the answers blank and got 100.
My brain? That's my second favorite organ.
Bisexuality immediately doubles your chances for a date on Saturday night.
Don't knock masturbation. It's sex with someone you love.
The only thing standing between me and greatness is me.
There are worse things in life than death. Have you ever spent an evening with an
insurance salesman?
